Update niscope metadata for nimi-python 1.4.4 release (#1935)
ni/nimi-python: CHANGELOG.md

* ### `niscope` (NI-SCOPE)
    * #### Added
    * #### Changed

>         * `GrpcStubInterpreter` now accepts the `meas_wfm_size` argument when calling `fetch_array_measurement`.

Reviewer: We should write it in terms that are helpful to users.
`GrpcStubInterpreter` is an implementation detail and it has no value to users.

Can you re-write this in terms that are useful to users?

Author: ```suggestion
        * When calling `fetch_array_measurement` in a MeasurementLink measurement plugin, the `meas_wfm_size` argument is now accepted.
```

>             * If using NI gRPC Device Server 2023 Q1, `meas_wfm_size` will be ignored and all available samples will be returned.

Reviewer: This is a bug in specific version(s) of NI gRPC Device Server right?
We should say so – 

> Due to a bug in NI gRPC Device Server 2023 Q1, `meas_wfm_size` parameter is be ignored and all available samples will be returned.

Reviewer 2: Another way to put it is that this feature requires NI gRPC Device Server 2023 Q2 or later. Older versions ignore this parameter and return all available samples.
